Copenhagen Business School 
February 26, 2018 


Dear Sir or Madam,

I am hereby applying for the two-year graduate programme Business Administration and E-Business at Copenhagen Business School, as I feel that I am ready to take my education to the next level. 

I graduated from Matej Bel University in Slovakia in 2015 with a bachelor degree in European Cultural Studies. Few months after that I embarked on new studies at Copenhagen Business Academy, where I studied AP Degree in Marketing Management, which I have finished recently - in January 2018. I embarked on a new study programme on a bachelor level, because I desired to redirect my studying path and move from societal studies to business studies and have been looking to combine the two fields for the sake of my future career ever since. 

My bachelor degree in European Cultural Studies provided me with valuable insights within the research methods applied in social science and the cultural studies executed through foreign languages shaped my understanding of intercultural communication. Throughout my Marketing Management studies from an international perspective, I have gained an excellent and solid base for further business studies, both in a theoretical and practical scope. During the last two years, I have studied the main theories in marketing, organisation and economics and had a chance to put them into practice already during my studies through a full time internship at Danish company Copenhagen Cutlery, where I had a chance to work with launching of their brand called Table Noir.

At my internship, and in the subject called Digital Marketing - hands on, I had a unique chance to gain practical skills within digital marketing and I gained valuable insights on the dynamic entrepreneurial environment. The execution of the project in Digital Marketing - hands on included website creation, logo creation, social media strategy planning and execution and creation of various digital marketing vectors for a company of our choice, was a very valuable experience not only in terms of putting the theory into the practice, but also in terms of approaching companies, learning to build and maintain a business relationship.

Additionally, I have been developing my skills within digital marketing and teamwork also outside of the school, as a volunteer in the communication section of a student organisation Cphbusiness Students, I’ve been a part of the team that plans and executes the communication including creating the digital graphic material for these purposes. Besides this I participated in two smaller projects carried out by student consultancy initiative called Copenhagen Business Consultancy, where I have further improved my ability to work within a team and provided me with further insights into business environment in Copenhagen.

It is my dream to pursue a career within digital communication, ideally as a part of a team that offers complex digital solutions to commercial businesses and I believe that this programme provides an ideal educational background for my career goals. The programme is especially appealing to me, because it would enable me to build the knowledge on the foundation I have already received in the business area, but at the same time offers a set of skills that will be new to me, but are essential to pursue a career within digital communication solutions, in the subjects and projects within the technology discipline. What I also appreciate about the programme structure is the freedom to form the content of the education to a certain extent with the help of electives, possibility of an internship or E-business projects within specific areas. This represents a big advantage for me, as I have in the past repeatedly experienced the urge to pivot my career vision under the influence of what I have discovered and learned in my education. 

I believe I could contribute to the programme with my blended educational background and with my experience within the digital marketing. My lifelong enrolment in an education combined with working and travelling experience abroad equipped me with a profile, that will be beneficiary for an international team of any kind. It is mainly the last two years spent in Denmark, that has enabled me to reach a level of maturity in both, my personal and professional life, in which a structured learning has become a personal desire rather than a duty. I would like to pursue this desire through enrolment in the Business Administration and E-business course at a prestigious business school - Copenhagen Business School. 

Silvia Triscova
